SPA QS backlinks to Dev Center (#10194)
auth0/docs: articles/quickstart/spa/vuejs/01-login.md

::: warning

> This quickstart is designed for using [Auth0 Vue](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-vue) with Vue 3 applications. If you are using Vue 2, please check out the [Vue 2 Tutorial with Auth0 SPA SDK](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-vue/blob/main/tutorial/vue2-login.md) instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This quickstart is designed for using [Auth0 Vue](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-vue) with Vue 3 applications. If you are using Vue 2, please check out the [Vue 2 Tutorial with Auth0 SPA SDK](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-vue/blob/main/tutorial/vue2-login.md) instead or visit the [Vue.js Authentication 2 By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication/v2-javascript) guide.
```

:::
:::note

> For a deep dive into implementing user authentication in Vue, visit the [Vue.js Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication). This guide provides you with additional details, such as creating a signup button, protecting routes using different strategies, and using class components. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit the [Vue.js Authentication By Example](https://developer.auth0.com/resources/guides/spa/vue/basic-authentication) guide for a deep dive into implementing user authentication in Vue. This guide provides additional details on how to create a sign-up button and add route guards to a Vue application.
```

> :::

Reviewer 2: Should this point to a different link, and not the one to integrate it with an API? I would think the link without the anchor to be in line with the others. Also, what do you mean with class components in the context of Vue ?

Author: This one is my bad ^ thanks for catching it!
